### Paper List
* [Larsen & Cooper](http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/cooper_larsen_WW.pdf)
* [Forward-Weighted CADIS] (http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/FW_CADIS.pdf)
* [AVATAR](http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/AVATAR.pdf)
* [Miften & Larsen Quasi-Diffusion](http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/miften_larsen_quasidiffusion.pdf)
* [Hendricks Importance Generator](http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/hendricks_importance_generator.pdf)
* [Booth Importance Estimation](http://munkm.github.io/Madicken-Research/Docs/booth_importance_estimation.pdf)

***

### Cask Images
* Images of the original Transfer Cask SCALE input generated by the template engine are available in [Images](../gh-pages/Images/)

***

### Cask SARs
The following are all various different versions and excerpts of the Safety Analysis Report (SAR) for the NAC International UMS Universal Storage System.
These documents were all retrieved from the [NRC ADAMS](http://www.nrc.gov/reading-rm/adams.html) system. Documents are named by their corresponding NRC accession number;
this number can be used to find the documents in the ADAMS system. These documents were used to develop the cask input of the Vertical Concrete Cask (VCC) overpack.
* [ML012150409] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML012150409.pdf): This document contains Chapter 1 of the SAR, which includes a lot of non-engineering drawings of the cask system useful for reference. This document also contains major dimensions of the cask in Table format (Table 1.2-1).
* [ML020280205] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML020280205.pdf): This document contains Chapters 2-3 of the SAR. Chapter 3 discusses each of the materials used in the cask, which sometimes includes a helpful description of the geometry of certain cask parts.
* [ML020350016] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML020350016.pdf): This document contains Chapters 2-3 of the SAR, with slightly more pages than the previous document. Some useful descriptions of the cask geometry on page 3.1-3. Also a useful description of the shield plug geometry on page 3.4.1-11.
* [ML041040369] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML041040369.pdf): This document contains Chapters 2-4 of the SAR. Chapter 4 provides reference for the air passages in the cask. It should be noted, however, that some of the models used in that chapter do not appear to be consistent with other references on the air passages. Particularly the air inlets do not match what was actually modeled based on other sources.
* [ML041040397] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML041040397.pdf): This document contains Chapters 9-11 of the SAR. This document was instrumental in modelling the base weldment of the cask and the air inlet ducts (page 11.2.4-13). 
* [ML043510070_Drawings] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML043510070_Drawings.pdf): I like to refer to this document as the **holy grail**. Whether this was a goof or not is up to speculation, but this document contains engineering drawings with dimensions of several key VCC cask structures including: the base weldment, air inlets, air outlets, and general cask dimensions.
* [ML051290397] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML051290397.pdf): This document is pretty much the same as ML012150409. This one contains a reference drawing for a Standard ISFSI configuration. ~~Also contained is the memory of my disappointment upon finding 30 pages of redacted engineering drawings.~~
* [ML051290403] (../gh-pages/Docs/ML051290403.pdf): This document was used as a reference when modelling the shield plug. See page 5.1-2.
* [NAC_info] (../gh-pages/Docs/NAC_info.pdf): This is a document I found through a Google search that appears to be a NAC presentation on their various cask systems. Page 12 of the presentation contains useful reference drawings of the transfer and VCC casks, with rough dimensions.


***

